# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via litellm
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.5
    # via mlflow
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-core==1.35.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via azure-storage-file-datalake
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.21.0
    # via mlflow
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.40.30
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   mlflow
botocore==1.40.30
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   databricks-agents
    #   mlflow
    #   s3transfer
build==1.3.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   litellm
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   gymnasium
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   stable-baselines3
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==45.0.7
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   mlflow
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
databricks-agents==1.5.0
    # via mlflow
databricks-connect==14.3.2
    # via databricks-agents
databricks-sdk==0.65.0
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   databricks-connect
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via databricks-agents
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docker==7.1.0
    # via mlflow
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via gymnasium
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via mlflow-skinny
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
flask==3.1.2
    # via mlflow
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via mlflow-skinny
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.3.1
    # via mlflow
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphene==3.4.3
    # via mlflow
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via databricks-connect
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via mlflow
gymnasium==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   flask
    #   litellm
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via langchain-openai
langchain-openai==0.3.33
    # via databricks-sdk
langsmith==0.4.27
    # via langchain-core
litellm==1.75.9
    # via databricks-agents
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   stable-baselines3
mlflow==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mlflow-skinny==3.3.2
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   mlflow
mlflow-tracing==3.3.2
    # via mlflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   databricks-connect
    #   gymnasium
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   torchvision
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
openai==1.107.2
    # via
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
opentelemetry-api==1.37.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.37.0
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.58b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   databricks-connect
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   pytest
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   mlflow
    #   stable-baselines3
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip==25.2
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   proto-plus
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via databricks-connect
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   databricks-connect
    #   mlflow
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-agents
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   mlflow-tracing
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygame==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   graphene
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   mlflow-skinny
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.9.1
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   databricks-sdk
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langsmith
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.12.12
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via mlflow
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   scikit-learn
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   triton
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   databricks-connect
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via mlflow-skinny
stable-baselines3==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via litellm
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   databricks-agents
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
ty==0.0.1a20
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   graphene
    #   gymnasium
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   databricks-agents
    #   docker
    #   requests
uv==0.8.15
    # via -r requirements.in
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via mlflow-skinny
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whenever==0.7.3
    # via databricks-agents
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
